23Jan(Day 2)
*)   P3  - Frontend Architecture Design
    Task - List down the react components required for Home Page Register and signin page	
    Apprch - 1st page will have two components 1. Header/login   
                                                                             2. Register
                                               
            After Regiseration user is redirected to login page.
            In login page if the useriD is not find redirect to registeration page.
            After login is sucessfull user should redirect to Home page/order page.
*)   P2  - Frontend Architecture Design
    Task - List down the react components required for create orders page	
    Apprch - In CREATE page there will be following components i.e,                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1.opening page (contains order page of user)
                                                                    2. List of services
                                                                    3. Two button ('Cancel','Proceed')
                                                                    4. summary (Adress,Detailsof order, contact details)
                                                                    5.  confirm button
                                                                    6. Go to orders button
 *)   P1  - Frontend Architecture Design
    Task - List down the react components required for past orders page	
    Apprch - In past orders page there will be following components i.e,                                                                                       1.Status can be change
                                                                 requests
                                                                        2. put
                                                                        3. Delete
                                                                        4. Get
                                                                        5.  Push
                                                                        6. Summary page to view the orders and mae changes
                                                                        7.Alert("POP") with Proceed button
 *)  P1, P2, P3  - Frontend Architecture Design
    Task - Create a sequence diagram which lists the interactions between each of the frontend and backend components